Update verify-artifact for helm chart (#473)
karmada-io/website: docs/administrator/verify-artifacts.md

Karmada introduced the `cosign` verification tool since release 1.7. For a list of published mirrors, see [karmada mirrors](https://hub.docker.com/u/karmada).

> > Note: image of helm chart introduced the `cosign` verification tool since release 1.8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The image of the helm chart has introduced the `cosign` verification tool since Karmada v1.8.
```

Author: > Karmada v1.8.

Thanks for review, The doc is really have style like `Karmada introduced the `cosign` verification tool since release 1.7. `,  This may not need to be modified for consistency?

Reviewer 2: I can't understand why adding the notes under this chapter.
If we want to demonstrate how to verify Charts, we might need to organize the content as:
```
# Overview

## Images
## Charts    // new chapter
## Binaries
```
Note that this chapter is reserved when we setup the document at https://github.com/karmada-io/website/pull/449#pullrequestreview-1569063709.
